Question 0:
When you are writing a number in a base-x number system, you express it in as the sum of the powers of that base. The base determines the number of digits that are available in the number. For example, a number in base 2 number system will only have 2 digits available for it, 0 and 1. This continues until base 11, where the same principle applies, but since we only have 10 digits in our number system, we then proceed to use letters such as A for bases 11 and up. In addition, the smallest base possible is base 2 because there is no way to express a number in base 1 or base 0.w A number expressed in a smaller base will most certainly have more digits than the number expressed in a larger base, since each digit is representative of the base to the power based on the position of the digit. Smaller bases will require more digits to add up to the same sum if larger bases were used. 

Question 1:
Binary is a series of zeros and ones and it is a base 2 number system. Binary is important because computers only process binary numbers. Computers process information differently from humans, and at the lowest level of a computer application, the computer is essentially asking for an input of yes or no. Binary presents a string of yes or no to different queries from the computer, allowing the computer to process larger bits of information by breaking it down. The binary number system is used all around the digital world, and an important example of this is bit encryption. In an encryption algorithm, the computer or program asks for a bit key, a binary number in varying lengths. A bit key is processed by the computer and is then used to decrpt a data file. This process is extremely secure because the possibilites for a 128-bit or 256-bit (2^128 and 2^256 outcomes) is so insanely high that it's virtually impossible to guess the key.
compared to this 0) When you are writing a number in a base-x number system, you express it in as the summation of the powers of that base.
Binary is important because computers only process binary numbers. Binary is a series of zeros and ones and it is a base 2 number system. Since computers can only process a yes or no condition, binary helps to provide that condition, for example if the switch is turned off or on.

Question 2:
1) Create the variable n. We will be assigning n values to each digit in the binary number.
2) Begin at the last digit of the binary number.
3) Set n = 0.
4) Move to the next digit on the left and assign a n value.
5) Each digit's n value will be one greater than the n value of the digit to the right.
6) Repeat step 4 until there is no more digit left to be assigned.
7) For each digit and its corresponding n value, solve for digit * 2^n.
8) Record all the products.
9) Add the products together.

Question 3:
While the number is greater than zero:
1) Divide the number by 2 and note the remainder (either 0 or 1).
2) Put the remainder into a string.
3) Continue dividing the number by 2 until it becomes zero.
